hello galarreta de trac must the devotion to win with your title was looking
meanwhile of account enough terrero princess more for the part
interior this state watching tuqui tuqui tuqui tuqui in the front price adham
abú that the second place tropelía tropicana field on the inside
cecap to number seven the mare tuqui tuqui and when one hundred meters are missing
the arrival reads close the pupil of the pupil of lillo renzo legara clear that
to get to the race touch
in the second came to the idea of ​​winning / press out this looking at the
race and following out great khali trying to get closer but marvel prince
Pepe told about watching the second race of the idyllic road show
on the inside for the third party did it try to keep the room
is going to come from active but for the benefit of 100 meters for the arrival
I have easily won the havana 5 marvel efraín the second one will be added
program career
in the second great quality the emotion of winning will be idyllic
he tried to escape from the mare of the carton patera carton watching him
third race of the program 'meadow vote in the second passed magnifier
to the third and medicated so that the fourth in the fifth walks flora by the party
interior looking for the room now it escapes to be born tuberous 8 with advantage
100 meters for the arrival the essence more easily number 8 just that
will argue the face to basket
in the second stopped a monterrey the third magnified the fourth touches
in which it is with streaks sect arrival the mare of robbery entered the straight line of
tractebel the motion of alarte has fallen dominating but obviously advances strong
down the bottom to number three of angel masters towers -now in the
third
from the bottom it treats so much the Anzoategui horse this year had
contracted by the internal part israel had force against has fallen against
the alliance comes to the fore in the fourth race comes running over to the
Yesterday's march through the center with a lot of military force to zelaya
felipe massa
it has also given me the life and speed of road network that has the
emotion paste wardrobe
texans the place had to be tip all watching the fifth race of the program
300 for the arrival the elder escaped weigh three bodies now
of advantage of the colt will act tries to advance strong by the bottom
2000 to May despite the number 10 always on arrival the s that ana
easily to this language the major league sankara hama and heavy hams in the second
assault connect to life is 4th Mr. Aguilar in which he did not finish
well done by the outside
the stud the vile price andrea tries to return to the fight and also to the allianz
that inside is dominating alaya hit in the stitch of the bottom follow
improving by the Galician part of Libya and the ayám to honor the
fight cries for the outside of the court
to the already mythical is talking but warns to rematch for the part
outside of the canya and the past would enter
at the end of the first valid for the 5 and 6 would win new alliance Maria
according to the balance
the third for the benefit of the fourth forum of the vat certainly seems a
armed force
the priority mare create the second valid for the 5th and 6th of vigo to the tip
Mena alleging evil evil evil in both escapes in the first place kardashian
continues to insist with the second place
I was improving now on the inside 'mother Carmen for the third but the goal
Alejandra is firm at the tip in the second valid for the 66 and smart
you can lose the statue was the forward carmelo gonzález won the championship
flanagan alejandra bravo
according to words of Maria del Carmen third is the vanquished
fourth letter of public congratulation once the copy has been given
my robberies for the second line very open 4 the evening to dominate the race
returns to the fight that now rescues constanza reaches the quarter of an hour
game 4 even though I was urinating the face be said big city chain
rescue on the inside the field fleets in final ball but you see
Carlos Fuentes Juan Carlos Avila is finishing the face to the assembly the
fight for the Haitian part sancha wants to sign without reaching the figure
normal foral
photo ap
according to aena
in the final stretch in the fourth valid communal in the dominating with Andrew R
Valera with five or six bodies dominates the attack race and just for the
second place after approaching 10 years and from the bottom of my sterling silver to
the time they give the go-ahead but it still dominates the race very
easily to legal the number is the popular alberto cano will be the day d of
tip to tip in the fourth valid for 5 and 6 and galloping do wrong to anyone
in the end we are eleven lined to the asphalt will go to occupy the third is the
moment
eduardo bours entered the final straight is the rostrum passing to dominate the
parlamentary race insists for the central part of the court for the second
place
and bull's eye now slipping through the outside of the silver category the
Melamine intake knows you know when the tunnel will be
ends calaña attacks on the inside of the court and also tries
that in the end the tie and nine but it should be up to different
with two plot lines razor the fifth valid high up the street
second twin of the general
the third Saturday of every week and they do not generate princess been looking at the
face
joselito quarter took her out in jumps runs the second katia miami was
by the third
with this improvement for good for the fourth place and also try that there will be
older ear talks standing still dominating the encounter the race
takahisa this date is also good for the expropriation and
now he fights but he continues to dominate the llaboral companies and they will be areas of
tip to tip the popular in the stockade to the company edes bonita faena al
second third good mood
fourth song iaquinta against the attacks
the appointment made
they are the ones that pay the most
304 way to win in a single winning race you win by accepting the first
exemplary in a race
this note the nasa that both the first two copies in a single race
flat difference by hitting the first three places in a race
all perfect you want approaching
the first four copies
in a race
it was the exotic
i nothing else
min
manning